salve d'aires we are here now
to exchange an idea or tell me the docs
to send on a stand in the sun you
of course does type work on a line of
competitive but I think you can
help people also testimony of
in brazil or what to do as
carry on when you go into action
here and suddenly you do not play for
support and ends up may not be the
to do every one there is a one
with a specific quality of the
player or champion who is
using wonder how our
You can pass xd ydw you play with
support very well
is that it is the best drought support by
example is mom jane you are very good at
game and who will be the best support but
in the situation where you want to learn the
champion you want to get a champion is
open to this I do not have support that
I better be in support and
support is in the lower leagues nuno
silver and in the bronze hymn it at the beginning
of gold with five of four which are the
best placed the situation these leagues
lower usually the personal person
talk is that there is not much mechanics
Good, I got a throne.
So how do I behave this well?
can best address this issue of the
can play a role of the pgr that
Can you load the game too?
They are still very e.g. a support
strong because you can skip a
can do the same as the
Do you want me to be weak if you can?
let the team be strong you too
can you skip it delete
completely so it's still a good
is the support that can do the
role of small and also serves in this
question the ionaira antônio meta just does not
scored a meter
so you can not miss these dolls
but morgan she can get into the goal
and she can do one thing
Small you can pick up a morgana
from night to catch a little more
peta eliminate the enemy champion then there
not silver bronze and at the beginning of the course
better about the situation and told the dn
also morgana is a guy makes the stone
of the vision or not does not make the loss of
independent view of anything in
if it can make an environment more
It's worth doing the Indian question.
pick up the south boot in the yellow boot that is
velocity
the blue the loss of vision and you can
as for an example of the item
morelos that will cut a living regime
of the face can make up an abyssal that
will take this mark in office is a
item that can complement
remembering what hits them now they are
better in the situation the morgan own
you can make an item that is not
now it 's good that the waves to you
what's a track then you have to
also think that you are still a support
you can not leave in suape because they are
your team loses an air of you loses
control division and you become weak
in some way also remembered that it is
very important you romay you
managed to drop a bastille
You go another rudder to try to get a kite.
also flash card having thus a
map or control the vision
You have to know how to play solved and
moving from it is very
important this mentality that you have
to be zero the more there intermediates
he took a little more up and
platinum is personal do not have a mechanics
a little better personal sometimes they
They do not know how a band is, that's what I
watch
so if I can have a very stadium
good in which city to lock your best
supposed situation you can pick up from a
Leoni is very strong.
the very being susceptible to mechanics
Good with him, he's very strong.
the trash you think you are causes
it would be very strong then these
champions let's make the differential
because at the time of the ivory it makes with people
with people who are mechanics
The better you can position yourself
better and got somebody out of
position because you had the ability to
watch your team follow up
is the best the best order now wants
a tip its kind or I do not know the
but I want to see him play the
and if I fall asleep that I do not
want to make ugly the most
easy but having as we will act with a
term support exists
dude I think the easiest support is
play this public offer anyway
No, I do not think she's the same as she.
have a shock because if you get a
percentage of wins in numbers of
a person who researches the
pass to the players then it is only
pick up a support number search
to the now will have a very high effect
because even if you pretend to be a lioness
has 36 she gets on the hood of w you
will present the danger will be a
problem and even if you play you
play support it will have a control of
group all the time is a very good request
that is everything is going bad light or
6 for example you want to blow the
movie
so if you're a gaucho you can
explain the enemy and eni as well
problems even abuse rather
her attack is difficult and some people
they can not then the leoni is more so
for assimilating and she has a mechanic
simple discarded the cable was not
killed she was very simple and
played is a theory of support more
that goes beyond the year we do not
It sucks that more the goal but it would be
a new easier support than this
pekao is a story out of
because his kit is not as
Good and what I had done and to be strong
for example last year we saw
the state presents itself is that the numbers
they are very tall but they have reduced
This can be completely off.
the metro so I could not get out
although it is very simple to play and the
Soraia too, she's not the best support
should be very simple as well.
it's time to play simple I guess
that Leona think he just think
easier type pressed played and ready
So my son in the movie said he's spoken
caretaker the idea of the acision league of
thank you very much legends again leave
through the streets causing win begins to
play off time
earned likes guys that range mischievous
share all your friends comments
what do you call this video do not forget
also to give a link on the page of me
so when I was a hug